README.md, before:

# Machine Coding Round Questions

This repository contains solutions to various machine coding round questions commonly encountered in technical interviews. Each folder corresponds to a specific problem statement and includes the relevant implementation.

## Table of Contents

- [Accordion Component](#accordion-component)
- [Carousel Component](#carousel-component)
- [File Tree Component](#file-tree-component)
- [Infinite Scroll Component](#infinite-scroll-component)
- [OTP Component](#otp-component)
- [Pagination Component](#pagination-component)
- [Quiz Application](#quiz-application)
- [Star Rating Component](#star-rating-component)
- [Stepper Component](#stepper-component)
- [Stepper Form](#stepper-form)
- [String Transformer](#string-transformer)
- [Tabs Component](#tabs-component)
- [Toast Notifications](#toast-notifications)
- [Todo Application](#todo-application)
- [Traffic Lights](#traffic-lights)
- [Guess the Number](#guess-the-number)

---

### Accordion Component

- **Description**: A simple accordion component with expandable/collapsible sections.
- **Folder**: `accordion`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add accordion-component`

### Carousel Component

- **Description**: A carousel or slideshow component to display items interactively.
- **Folder**: `crousal`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add crousal-component`

### File Tree Component

- **Description**: A file explorer/tree structure component for hierarchical data visualization.
- **Folder**: `file-tree`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: file-tree comp`

### Infinite Scroll Component

- **Description**: Infinite scrolling functionality to load more content as the user scrolls.
- **Folder**: `infinite-scroll`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add infinite scroll comp`

### OTP Component

- **Description**: A component to input and verify one-time passwords (OTP).
- **Folder**: `otp`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: OTP`

### Pagination Component

- **Description**: A pagination component for navigating through large datasets.
- **Folder**: `pagination`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add pagination component`

### Quiz Application

- **Description**: A complete quiz application with question-answer functionality.
- **Folder**: `quiz`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: complete quiz app`

### Star Rating Component

- **Description**: A star rating system for user reviews and feedback.
- **Folder**: `star-rating`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add string-transform comp v1`

### Stepper Component

- **Description**: A stepper component for multi-step processes.
- **Folder**: `stepper-component`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add stepper-component`

### Stepper Form

- **Description**: A stepper form with enhanced error handling and title updates.
- **Folder**: `stepper-form`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: update stepper form title and add error styling`

### String Transformer

- **Description**: A utility component for transforming strings (v1 and optimized v2).
- **Folder**: `string-transformer`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add string-transform comp v2 optimised`

### Tabs Component

- **Description**: A tabbed navigation component.
- **Folder**: `tabs`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add tab component`

### Toast Notifications

- **Description**: A toast notification system with improved state management and type definitions.
- **Folder**: `toast`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: improve toast state management with type definition`

### Todo Application

- **Description**: A simple todo application for task management.
- **Folder**: `todo`
- **Commit Message**: `init: initialize todo`

### Traffic Lights

- **Description**: A traffic lights simulation component.
- **Folder**: `traffic-lights`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: traffic-lights comp`

### Guess the Number

- **Description**: A React-based game where users guess the number with feedback on each attempt.
- **Folder**: `guess-the-number`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add guess-number`

---

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/repository-name.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project folder:

   ```bash
   cd repository-name
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

---

## Contributing

Feel free to submit pull requests for improvements or additional components. Ensure that your code follows the repository's coding guidelines.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: update README to include Search Bar component details

README.md, after:

# Machine Coding Round Questions

This repository contains solutions to various machine coding round questions commonly encountered in technical interviews. Each folder corresponds to a specific problem statement and includes the relevant implementation.

## Table of Contents

- [Accordion Component](#accordion-component)
- [Carousel Component](#carousel-component)
- [File Tree Component](#file-tree-component)
- [Infinite Scroll Component](#infinite-scroll-component)
- [OTP Component](#otp-component)
- [Pagination Component](#pagination-component)
- [Quiz Application](#quiz-application)
- [Star Rating Component](#star-rating-component)
- [Stepper Component](#stepper-component)
- [Stepper Form](#stepper-form)
- [String Transformer](#string-transformer)
- [Tabs Component](#tabs-component)
- [Toast Notifications](#toast-notifications)
- [Todo Application](#todo-application)
- [Traffic Lights](#traffic-lights)
- [Guess the Number](#guess-the-number)

---

### Accordion Component

- **Description**: A simple accordion component with expandable/collapsible sections.
- **Folder**: `accordion`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add accordion-component`

### Carousel Component

- **Description**: A carousel or slideshow component to display items interactively.
- **Folder**: `crousal`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add crousal-component`

### File Tree Component

- **Description**: A file explorer/tree structure component for hierarchical data visualization.
- **Folder**: `file-tree`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: file-tree comp`

### Infinite Scroll Component

- **Description**: Infinite scrolling functionality to load more content as the user scrolls.
- **Folder**: `infinite-scroll`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add infinite scroll comp`

### OTP Component

- **Description**: A component to input and verify one-time passwords (OTP).
- **Folder**: `otp`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: OTP`

### Pagination Component

- **Description**: A pagination component for navigating through large datasets.
- **Folder**: `pagination`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add pagination component`

### Quiz Application

- **Description**: A complete quiz application with question-answer functionality.
- **Folder**: `quiz`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: complete quiz app`

### Star Rating Component

- **Description**: A star rating system for user reviews and feedback.
- **Folder**: `star-rating`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add string-transform comp v1`

### Stepper Component

- **Description**: A stepper component for multi-step processes.
- **Folder**: `stepper-component`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add stepper-component`

### Stepper Form

- **Description**: A stepper form with enhanced error handling and title updates.
- **Folder**: `stepper-form`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: update stepper form title and add error styling`

### String Transformer

- **Description**: A utility component for transforming strings (v1 and optimized v2).
- **Folder**: `string-transformer`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add string-transform comp v2 optimised`

### Tabs Component

- **Description**: A tabbed navigation component.
- **Folder**: `tabs`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add tab component`

### Toast Notifications

- **Description**: A toast notification system with improved state management and type definitions.
- **Folder**: `toast`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: improve toast state management with type definition`

### Todo Application

- **Description**: A simple todo application for task management.
- **Folder**: `todo`
- **Commit Message**: `init: initialize todo`

### Traffic Lights

- **Description**: A traffic lights simulation component.
- **Folder**: `traffic-lights`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: traffic-lights comp`

### Guess the Number

- **Description**: A React-based game where users guess the number with feedback on each attempt.
- **Folder**: `guess-the-number`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add guess-number`

### Search Bar

- **Description**: A Search Bar component with API integration and caching.
- **Folder**: `search`
- **Commit Message**: `feat: add search component with API integration and caching`

---

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/repository-name.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project folder:

   ```bash
   cd repository-name
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

---

## Contributing

Feel free to submit pull requests for improvements or additional components. Ensure that your code follows the repository's coding guidelines.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
